adds new content section (#24)
ecoacoustics/website: content/resources/help-centre/software/path.md

that any program can access. The `PATH` variable contains a list of folders that
your computer can check when it searches for programs to run.

In simple terms, if we want to use a program in a terminal (see the [terminal basics]({{% ref "terminal" %}}) guide), we have two choices. We can
specify the full path to the program (often referred to as a binary, usually
has an extension like `.exe` on Windows) file, and then write our code:

```ps
> C:\Users\Anthony\AP\AnalysisPrograms.exe 
```

```bash
> ~/AP/AnalysisPrograms
```

But this would be annoying to write out every time. Instead, if our `PATH`
variable includes the AP folder, we can run AP commands without specifying this
full path! 

```ps
> AnalysisPrograms.exe
```

```bash
> AnalysisPrograms
```

## How to check the PATH variable

We can quickly check if a program has been successfully added to our `PATH` or
not. Open up a terminal and type a command for the program we are interested in
testing. 

```ps
> FFmpeg
```

If the command successfully returns some kind of output about the package, then
it is available on your `PATH`.  

You can check the list of folders contained in your `PATH` variable

> using `printenv | grep PATH` in Bash, `echo $env:Path` in PowerShell, and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using `printenv PATH` in Bash, `echo $env:Path` in PowerShell, and 
```

> `echo$env:$path` in Zsh. If the folder where you installed a program you want to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`printenv PATH` in Zsh. If the folder where you installed a program you want to
```
